Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Dunno where my
ticket outta here went.
And there's no time to look for it.
My only options now are
to beat them or die trying.
Stamina's at its limit and I
can't use two of my best skills!
But I won't give up. I refuse.
I...
am going to survive!
If anyone knows what it's
like at the bottom. it's me.
But I could never stop
striving to climb higher!
Well. they call him the
weakest hunter of all mankind.
Wait. really? That's a thing?
It was once he got hospitalized
after a trip through an E-Rank gate.
If that isn't weak.
then I don't know what is.
You're done. So give up.
Stop now before you break. kid.
Listen to Mister Song.
You push yourself way too hard.
You deserve this.
Now why did you go and
do something so dangerous?
I know. you were at the bottom.
But you've come so far.
That should have been
enough. don't you think?
Jinwoo?
I missed the third raid.
Unfortunately. I was no longer
fit for combat by that time.
My body couldn't keep up anymore.
Did you take part
in the third raid at all?
Yes. I acted as a point
of contact for security. sir.
That dungeon break claimed a great many
lives. and those who did manage to escape
carry the mental scars from it still.
Though I suppose
every hunter has similar scars.
And if they can't overcome that
harsh pain. then all that awaits...
is destruction.
Kinda hard to believe this is me.
I mean look at you.
Taller. more muscular.
You look strong.
But I guess it's only your
appearance that's changed.
Dig deeper. and you're still weak.
Hell. you're right at death's door.
E-Rank hunter. Jinwoo Sung.
That's all you'll ever be.
A dreamer who never
learned his place.
Shut your mouth!
So pathetic. All that talk
about how "ready you are"
and this is the best you could do?
You'll have nothing to blame
for your death but your own ego.
This all feels so...
familiar.
I can't remember. what happened next?
The quest.
Guess luck's one of your skills. too.
Seems like they've decided it
would be a waste to let you die here.
Till next time.
This is the penalty zone.
Oh. yeah.
I didn't get around
to the daily quest.
It must be past midnight.
Good timing.
This penalty saved my life.
No wonder it wished me luck.
I wouldn't have survived
that mess without it.
Or was the system cheering
me on because it wants me alive?
Who knows?
Shop.
First time my fatigue went over ninety.
I guess potions won't restore
my HP if I'm seriously injured.
I can either wait to heal naturally
or try to get restored by leveling up.
Okay then.
Leveling up it is. I guess.
Till next time. he said.
Meaning. If I live long
enough I'll see him again!
Any pain I go through.
any suffering I endure.
if it doesn't kill me.
it'll make me stronger.
That was a weird dream.
Jinwoo isn't home yet? Huh?
No way is he doing
a raid this late. right?
If I didn't know better. I'd
think he got himself a girl.
Hope he remembers my
guardian-teacher conference.
And that he'll actually
make it there.
Nice to kill two
birds with one stone.
Ten minutes till I return
to the job change quest.
so. I should probably use
this time to sort out my gear.
Buy.
"Knight Killer."
This thing deals twenty-five percent
more damage to armor types. huh?
It's a little pricy
but should be worth it.
And that. leaves the rune stone.
Not sure what it is.
but it's gotta be handy.
It is a "Ruler's Hand" after all.
Let's see here.
It doesn't need mana? Nice.
I can manipulate objects
without ever touching them?
Like he did.
I'll have to up my proficiency
to move something big.
I've prepared myself as best I can.
The rest will come down to luck.
I see you invited a few
more friends to the party.
Guild master. We'll arrive
at Jeju Island soon.
Understood.
Sorry. Miss Cha. I know how
painful this entire ordeal must be.
No. I'm fine.
But thank you. sir.
I wasn't a hunter during the
third raid. but I can empathize
with how you must be feeling.
That's why I'm glad to help.
I really am.
I appreciate you saying that.
Mana's been found. Several
sources in the water beneath us!
Bringing up the feed!
What the?
Knew this knife was worth it!
Much better than fist fighting!
But...
Something feels off.
No matter how many enemies I kill.
I'm not gaining any XP.
Plus.
Their mages haven't done a thing.
They've been casting.
but nothing's happened.
The knights are the only ones
attacking. so what are they doing?
It's summoning magic!
The knights are just weapons
they've been calling through the gates.
That also explains
why I'm not leveling up!
'Cause the ones I should
be targeting are the mages!
I was right.
So let's do this.
One mage down.
Five left.
Make that four.
Enough of this. Get over here!
Three more.
A golem?
They thought one heavyweight
would win it for them.
but fewer targets
just makes it easier for me!
Your summoners are already dead. so.
Why don't you...
join them in hell?!
I think I won. but what's that mean?
Will I be able to switch to a more advanced
class with the points this quest got me?
If so. I imagine it's gonna
be based on my performance.
I won't get to choose.
I'm not really following.
"Shadow army?" What? What the?
No.
This doesn't make any sense.
That's my new job class?
Necromancer?
What the hell? My intellect stat
is the one that I ignore the most!
So how did I?
Necromancers are a magic-type class
that summon undead monsters as servants.
But I'm an assassin build.
My main stat is strength. and I use
daggers with a close-range combat style.
A back-line class like
necromancer will waste all of that!
Oh. uh. I can say no?
The benefits aren't clear.
Maybe I should pass.
Decline.
Wait. a hidden class?
Does it have some
kind of special power?
Necromancy.
If I had some kinda
frame of reference.
Summoning magic!
These mages were just
showing me a little sample.
It wasn't necromancy specifically.
but it was close enough.
And my opponents. they all had
abilities I'd seen in previous fights.
The system made this
job-change quest seem optional.
But maybe. it was inevitable.
I see where this is going.
The mages weren't
strong on their own.
But I am. and there's no rule that says
necromancers can't fight on the front lines.
If classes work likes stats. then
as I level up. my skills will. too.
and my shadow army
will become stronger.
In other words.
I won't be solo leveling anymore!
Accept.
-Here.
-Thank you.
We really stayed up till dawn.
Hunter Choi's crew should be
making landfall on the island by now.
Right.
Sorry I kept you.
It's fine.
But since you're here. would you
mind humoring me for a bit. Jinchul?
"Shadow monarch?"
I got an instant upgrade?
Must've scored a lot of bonus points.
Unique class skills and ten
ability points. plus a new title.
If my rewards are ready.
is the quest finally over?
Did I complete the job change?
I hear cries from those
broken bits of armor.
They sound like people in pain.
Shadow Extraction.
A command word. huh?
Arise.
Look at that. Damn.
The unique skills are Shadow
Extraction and Shadow Storage.
One lets me drain mana
to create shadow soldiers.
and the other lets me hold those
soldiers to summon whenever.
Then. these must be my soldiers.
The extraction can
fail based on the strength
of the target
and the time since death.
Gotta be careful then.
I got mages and knights.
They come in different ranks. too.
If it's possible to extract A or S-Rank
shadows. and their power level reflects
how strong they were in life.
Then.
Hell yeah.
Since I have a limit to my storage.
I'll release eleven of the infantry.
Sorry I woke you up for nothing.
Now. then.
Knight Commander Igris the Bloodred.
Will you submit to my control?
Arise.
What?
Right. it told me there's
a chance it could fail.
Two more tries.
Arise!
Damn it!
Unless they undergo a reawakening.
a hunter's powers won't change.
We have only two ways
to gain strength:
Perfecting our techniques.
and gathering allies.
Waiting for your king. are you?
How can you be certain
he'll make his return?
Knight Commander Igris.
you are a warrior.
That means your purpose
is to cut down your foes.
Will you let your blade
rust in this crumbling ruin?
Or will you rise above
that fate and serve me?
Instead of defending
the throne of a fallen king.
Pledge yourself
to the man before you.
Arise.
Despite that. there's something I
like to envision from time to time.
New hunters awaken each and
every day. all around the world.
From now on. you are simply Igris.
That is your name.
So who's to say that someone
who defies all expectations.
someone strong enough to become
a beacon of hope in these dark times.
couldn't be born this very moment?
You're with me now.
Guild master. what is this?
I don't know.
To my knowledge. this
hasn't ever happened before.
Somehow. it would seem.
They're evolving.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm